[RHACS] Updated backup restore procedures (#54563)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/restore-cert-roxctl.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/restore-acs.adoc
:_module-type: PROCEDURE
[id="restore-cert-roxctl_{context}"]
= Restore certificates using the `roxctl` CLI

[role="_abstract"]
Use the `roxctl` CLI to generate Kubernetes manifests to install the {product-title-short} Central component to your cluster.
Doing this allows you to ensure that authentication certificates for Secured clusters and the API tokens remain valid for the restored version.
If you backed up another instance of {product-title-short} Central, you can use the certificate files from that backup.

[NOTE]
====
With the `roxctl` CLI, you can not restore the entire Central deployment. Instead, first you use the `roxctl` CLI to generate new manifests using the certificates in your central data backup. Afterwards, you use those manifests to install Central.
====

.Prerequisites

> * You must have the `central-tls` backup file.

Reviewer: You don't have to have the `central-tls` roxctl cert restore work with the roxctl on-demand backup files.

> * You must have the `central-tls` backup file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You must have a Red Hat Advanced Cluster Security for Kubernetes backup file.
```
The certificates are also store in the RHACS backup file. When using roxctl, it loads the certificates from this backup file (the database backup). So you don't need the central-tls manifest backup file.

* You must have installed the `roxctl` CLI.

.Procedure
. Run the interactive install command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ roxctl central generate interactive
----

> . For the following prompt, enter the path of the `central-tls` backup file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. For the following prompt, enter the path of the {product-title} backup file:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
Enter path to the backup bundle from which to restore keys and certificates (optional): <backup-file-path>
----

> . For other following prompts, press *Enter* to accept the default value or enter custom values as required.

Reviewer 2: Not important, but:

`kbd:[Enter]` will render a fun "Enter" button 🙃
